.. title: Fasten Your Seat Belts
   .. slug: fasten-your-seat-belts
      .. date: 2006-12-09

	 Yesterday we had a “Meet and Greet” exercise whereby some of the
instructors came up to shake my hand and Elwood had to remain sitting.

“Is this a wedding with the mother of the bride?” one of the instructors
asked.

“Sunday morning worship,” I replied.

He came, sobbing, saying “A wonderful sermon.”

He greeted another student, thanking her for such a lovely wedding, then
he came back to me, shaking my hand, telling me what a wonderful sermon
for the funeral. The task was serious, the play acting hysterically
funny.

We shopped at a pet store and went to Wall-Mart for our afternoon
outing. One of the dogs jumped up on the counter when his person was
checking out.

This morning we did some country-style work in a subdivision--walking
along people's front yards, around parked cars, onto short pieces of
sidewalk, lining myself up to cross a street.

Afterwards, we went to an A&P to practice shopping cart work. We've been
doing it right, shoppers, guide in front of the basket, person and dog
behind. Elwood left the bread and the meaqt alone.

Clerks crack me up. They are giving you instructions with the debit card
because you're blind and then keep saying, “Now press the green button.”

I was able to get my wash done--not a lot to do because of the early
instances of emergency washes.

Lunch was a cafateria line with a tray and silverware wrapped in
napkins. Our sandwiches and dessert were wrapped in foil, our macaroni
salad in a cup with a lid and our soup in a double coffee cup with a
lid. Then we worked our dogs to our tables while carrying the tray
against our bodies. I said to our server, who also does housekeeping,
“You must hate it--all this trash to pick up.” She replied, “I don't
hate. I can handle it once a month.” Drinks were served at the table.

This afternoon we practiced in the airline seats provided by
Continental. These were first class seats though with lots of room for
dogs, even in the bulk heads.

We read our puppy profiles. Elwood was raised by a veteran puppy
raiser--an older couple with grandchildren who came to visit. Some
reports have lots of information. Sadly, neither of my puppy reports
have been too detailed. My instructor said the training report she gets
was not particularly detailed either.

We changed tables again at supper for the rest of the time here. I don't
handle this well. This table will take some getting used to. I tire of
the cross examinations. Just let me be!

This evening we learned how to massage our dogs. Elwood wasn't sure
about this at first. He mellowed over time. We listened to this album:
`\ A Gathering Of
Eagles <http://www.napster.com/player/tracks/14164011>`__
